refactor nav docs slightly to better call out onEnd expressions (#321)
player-ui/player: docs/site/pages/content/navigation.mdx

Reaching this state will execute the `FLOW_2` flow -- and if `FLOW_2` reaches an `END` state with an `outcome` of `next`, will transition to the `VIEW_2` state

## Expressions

State types can also contain `onStart` and `onEnd` properties for evaluating expressions. Order of operations:

1. `onStart` - Evaluated at the start of a node's lifecycle; useful for updating data before it's resolved
2. `exp`
3. `onEnd` - Evaluated last, right before transition. 
    1. If a transition is halted (by validation or otherwise), the expression won't be executed.

>     1. Player navigation is a state machine, `onEnd` expressions will only execute when the state machine ends the flow. Terminating the flow, by unmounting player on any given platform, will not execute `onEnd` expressions, as it would not have reached an `END` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. As Player's navigation is a state machine, `onEnd` expressions will only execute when the state machine ends the flow. Terminating the flow by unmounting Player (on any given platform) will not execute `onEnd` expressions as it would not have reached an `END` state.
```
